- TODO 工作汇报修改汇率数据；数据展示可视化；减少字数
- TODO 处理药业营业额相关业务：己二酸二甲酯两票做成贸易，单价分别是13元/kg, 12.8元/kg；付30万给开沅，作为对氯苯甲醛的原料预付款
- TODO 处理 [[ARMOSA]]的出货事项、危险性分类
	- Hi Francois,
	-
	- Could you kindly indicate why it is a must for you to import Azamethiphos under class 6.1, UN3464? This helps us to know better your request and make solutions.
	-
	- We've been exporting this substance under class 9 for many years. If we have to transport under a new type, a lot of work needs to be done, including getting a new identification report issued by Chinese Customs Technology Center. However, we are not sure if they could change the dangerous type.
	-
	- which is identified by Chinese Customs Technology Center. So, at this point, we don't know if we can export it under class 6.1.
	- If we have to change the dangerous type, a lot of work needs to be done, which might take much time than we thought. We sincerely hope to export Azamethiphos and Cyromazine togther as scheduled.
	-
	- 希望9类出 货发掉；环丙氨嗪
	- Second, as we have been exporting this substance under class 9 for many years, if we change the dangerous type, many administration work for factories shall be done according to government policies. The preparation time can be longer than we thought.
	- UN变更 咨询，溴甲烷
	- Above problems take time to figure out and might cause trouble for both sides. So, please let me know if we can export under class 9 for this time. And we can discuss the change in a long term and get everything prepared.
	- Since Christmas is coming, and our Spring Festival also lasts from Jan. 15 to Feb. 10 (workers get back to factory later during pandemic), we better talk about this these two days.
	- I await your response.