- [[邮件内容]] New Year Greetings
  collapsed:: true
	- I wish you a happy and prosperous year 2023, I hope that this new year arrives with great success for you and your families. Furthermore, I thank you for the support and trust you have given me over the past year and I hope we can continue working together and achieve our goals.
	- I hope that health and well-being reaches your homes and families, I wish you a beautiful year 2023!! These are my sincere wishes to you and to the entire Sunrise team.
	- Thank you so much for everything!! we are in contact soon.
	- I'm so proud of everything we've accomplished in 2022, and can't wait to see what we can do together in 2023!
	- Wish your new year filled with hope, health, and happiness.
	- Best regards,
	- Jorge
- New year greetings-2
	- Dear Cathy......Happy New Year! I hope you have a year full of joy, success and good health. May your dreams come true and may you enjoy all the wonders that life has to offer you in this new year. May your days be filled with love, peace and prosperity! May you fill your heart with joy and hope in this year that begins!
	- I want to express my sincere appreciation for all the work and effort you have put in this year. It has been a difficult and challenging year for all of us, but we have managed to overcome all obstacles and move forward.
	- I really appreciate the commitment and dedication and I am grateful to have the opportunity to work alongside a talented and passionate person. I hope we can continue to work together and achieve great things in the coming year.
	- Ulises
- DOING OKR的研究和制定，再与笑笑姐讨论；药业产品情况沟通
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-01-05 Thu 16:00:32]
  :END: